To send
Home
Services
Who we are ?
Contact Us
no more need to take time off to go to your services
car
Our service providers move your vehicles
We make all car travel for you as soon as possible.
These car trips are insured in partnership with
 and
Our service providers are selected and evaluated on a set of quality criteria.
individuals
35 € / per hour
OMINIUM Insurance
Quality providers ****
Possibility of cancellation up to 8h before
Enjoy the benefits and accumulate hours
Make an appointment
companies
By quote
OMINIUM Insurance
Quality providers ****
Tracking and locating your vehicles
Possibility of cancellation until 2h before
Enjoy the benefits and accumulate hours
Ask for a quote
Travel to your services
car
Switch to technical control
Mechanical maintenance & repair
Assembly & pneumatic change
Body repair
Glazing repairs
Washing & cleaning
Who we are ?
Services
car
 is a collaborative platform approved in Belgium and focused on the movement of your vehicles. You need to pass your vehicle to technical control or maintenance at your mechanic or a repair at your body shop or for a wash or tire changes. One of our service providers will take care of moving your vehicles to your car services. All service providers are selected and evaluated on a set of quality criteria as well as by our customers to guarantee you the best service.
The service providers take care of picking up your vehicle at your home or workplace and move it to one of the car services you wish to perform. Then they deliver your vehicle to your home or workplace. Vehicle owners benefit from OMNIUM insurance cover in partnership with ETHIAS and TOURING during travel.
Contact Us
name
Please enter your name and surname.
Email Address
Please enter your Email.
Phone Number
Message
Please enter your message.
To send
Email & social media
Subscribe to our newsletter
Receive 15% off your next car service.
Enter your e-mail
Select the service you want to perform
Please select the service you wish to perform.
To choose...
Technical control
Auto Maintenance & Repair
Automotive tires
Auto body repair
Auto Glass Repair
Car wash
Car travel
Execution date of the chosen service
The location address of your vehicle
Postal code
City
Brussels
The location address of the chosen service
Rue Neuve 30
Your name & first name
Please enter your name & surname.
Your email
Your phone number
Please enter your phone number.
Your message
Hello, I wish to make the transition to the technical control. Could you ...
The one-way trip + the change to the technical control + the return trip = + - 2h15 on average in Brussels.
You must pass your vehicle to the technical control, our service providers take care of the recovery of your vehicle at your place of residence or at your place of work and they take care of the transition to the technical control. When the service is done, they can also arrange to deliver your vehicle.
The one way trip + the return trip to one of the garages of your choice = + - 1h on average in Brussels.
You must perform maintenance or repair at your garage, our service providers take care of your vehicle at home or at your place of work. Then they take care of moving your vehicle to your garage. When the service is done, they can also arrange to deliver your vehicle.
The one way trip + the return trip to one of the garages of your choice = + - 1h on average in Brussels.
You must make a tire change at your garage, our service providers take care of your vehicle at your home or at your place of work. Then they take care of moving your vehicle to your garage. When the service is done, they can also arrange to deliver your vehicle.
The one way trip + the return trip to one of the garages of your choice = + - 1h on average in Brussels.
The one way trip + the return trip to one of the garages of your choice = + - 1h on average in Brussels.
The one way trip + the passage to the carwash + the return trip to one of the carwash of your choice = + - 1h45 on average in Brussels.
You must wash at your carwash, our service providers take care of picking up your vehicle at your place of residence or at your place of work. Then they will move your vehicle to your carwash. When the service is done, they can also arrange to deliver your vehicle.